---
layout: post
title:  "This Changes Sustainable HCI"
date:   2023-02-06 21:55:27 +0000
---

This paper laments that SHCI has lacked a unifying, coherent, vision. In response, the Authors offer a vision of sustainability for the SHCI community to rally around. Instrumental to this vision is the opposition of capitalism: its’ reliance on infinite growth being antithetical to sustainability. Therefore, the goal for SHCI becomes understanding research’s role in the transition towards a sustainable economic system, making SHCI an inherently political area. This transition shifts away from individual action, but instead sees users as a “latent force for good”. Thus, the design of technology is not concerned with persuading users to perform ‘correct’ behaviour but aims to serve them in their fight for a more just, sustainable future, meaning the principle underlying this vision for SCHI becomes engaging in systemic thinking. Therefore, it is imperative to change the design of computer systems, and HCI research, from a profit-driven adventure, where success is measured by growth and reliant on unsustainable industries, to something more aligned with people’s values, such as defining success through environmental and social impact (Ekbia & Nardi, 2016). This impacts our project by a) influencing how we see research, understanding that its’ success could be grounded in capitalist ideals, and b) providing an objective to align our work with, concerned with pursuing systemic change, rather than reducing individual consumption. 